# More About Me

I'm a software engineer with a passion for solving complex problems and building
innovative applications. Like many, my path into building software was a
slightly atypical one. I am self taught, and find immense satisfaction in the
process of learning new things. As a result, I have a wide range of hobbies and
interests.

First and foremost I am a husband and father, and take every opportunity I can
to connect with my family. I love backpacking, hiking, and camping. I'm an avid
reader, and enjoy science fiction and fantasy. I'm a hobby woodworker, I cook as
much as possible, and I love playing sports such as basketball and ultimate
frisbee.

## My Professional Journey

My formal education is from the University of North Dakota, where I received my
Bachelor of Fine Arts in Graphic Design & New Art Media. After a successful
start as a graphic designer at a local ad agency, I wanted badly to create a
portfolio site for myself, so I dove headlong into learning web development.

Passionate about my new craft, I took a position with the North Dakota
University System Core Technology Services as a Web Applications Developer
in 2013. Additionally, I became a father and co-founded a development and design
firm the same year. Besides full stack development and IT Consulting, we helped
clients through designing logos, building websites, and establishing their
brands.

As of January 2016, while we were expecting our third child, I began working
remotely as a front-end engineer at [Kaggle](https://kaggle.com), where I was an
early contributor towards the vision of helping to make data science accessible
to everyone. In this role I worked on and cared for front-end architecture,
delivered features, and spearheaded responsive design tooling and techniques.

After Kaggle was acquired by [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/) in March
2017, I remained on board in my role within the community engineering team. I
worked on features such as discussions, administrator tooling, documentation,
and authentication flows.

As the world was shutting down in April 2020, I transferred within Google Cloud
to the [BigQuery](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery) UI team, where I
contributed to the SQL-like workbench that data analysts use to interact with
their data warehouse. At this point in time my wife and I moved our family to
the greater Seattle area.

After nearly five years with Google, I left to rejoin the startup world and have
since found a home as the lead front end engineer at
[Dispel](https://dispel.com). Dispel enables professionals to manage zero-trust
remote access to their industrial networks. We protect critical infrastructure
through the use of end-to-end encryption, moving target defense, and resilient
infrastructure.
